Edits to README doc (#3)
UCLATALL/nbsimplegrader: README.md

## Overview

nbsimplegrader is an extension to JupyterHub (jupyter.org) intended for use in education. Currently, nbsimplegrader only works in the context of online courses hosted by CourseKata. A more flexible toolset that can be used independently of CourseKata will be released later. 

Once installed in the hub, it is available to all user accounts, with functionalities varying by user role. Teacher accounts have full access to the nbsimplegrader tools; students have access as specified by their instructor. 

When teachers enable nbsimplegrader they are given access to tools that let them publish a notebook to one or more classes of students. Using the tools, they can add metadata to the notebook and/or to each cell in the notebook. This metadata specifies what students will experience when using the notebook.

## Getting Started: A Simple Workflow

There is a lot you can do with nbsimplegrader; we will start by introducing a simple workflow to support creating, distributing and collecting notebooks to/from one or more classes of students. Following that we will introduce more advanced cell-authoring tools.

### Enabling the nbsimplegrader extension

> To enable the user interface for nbsimplegrader, open a JupyterHub notebook and click the button labelled **nbsimplegrader** in the main toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the user interface for nbsimplegrader, open a Jupyter notebook from inside the CourseKata JupyterHub and click the button labelled **nbsimplegrader** in the main toolbar.
```

### Publishing a notebook to your class(es)

To distribute a Jupyter notebook to your class or classes of students, create a Jupyter notebook as you normally would, then click on the **Publish** button. (You can keep this master copy of your notebook anywhere in your file directory on the JupyterHub.) Clicking **Publish** will open a dialog box with some options:

- Select classes to publish to
- Set publish options
- Choose in-class tools to include

Simply check the box next to the class to which you want to publish the notebook, then just click **Publish** at the bottom of the dialog box. Students will immediately have access to the notebook. A copy will be placed in their Classwork folder, and also be listed on their Jupyter dashboard on the My CourseKata page in their LMS.

*Once you have published a notebook you won't be able to edit the master copy. If you do want to make changes, you need to click the **Unpublish** button at the top. If you unpublish, the notebook will be removed from all student accounts in all of your classes and your master copy will again be editable.*

> When a notebook is published to students, a copy — exactly like the copy created for students — is placed in your Classwork folder on your Jupyter hub. You can also access this copy from the dashboard under the Jupyter tab of My CourseKata. If you work in a notebook during class, you'll usually want to access it from your Classwork folder.

Reviewer: @KarenGivvin I think these edits make it less clear... you can access the copy either from the dashboard or from inside the classwork folder... both are equally good.

Author: Point taken.  My revision reflected my understanding of the original, though.  I don't know how to edit my prior edit, but what if the last sentence were to be: 
If you work in a notebook during class, you can access it from either location.

> When a notebook is published to students, a copy — exactly like the copy created for students — is placed in your Classwork folder on your Jupyter hub. You can also access this copy from the dashboard under the Jupyter tab of My CourseKata. If you work in a notebook during class, you'll usually want to access it from your Classwork folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a notebook is published to students, a copy — exactly like the copy created for students — is placed in your Classwork folder on your Jupyter hub. You can also access this copy from the dashboard under the Jupyter tab of My CourseKata. Use this copy if you want to work in the notebook during class.
```
